To compile Assignment2.java, the command 'javac Assignment2.java' must be used, and to run the program, 'java Assignment2' must be used.

For problem 1, my approach began by creating a class that would extend the Thread class, as I wanted to begin writing the code that every thread would follow, to represent every servant working with the presents. I then drew out a couple of approaches, and eventually landed on the approach of creating a linkedList class with nodes used to represent the presents and their unique IDs. I first created the unordered by making a list numbered 1 through 500,000, and then shuffling it. I would then make threads in the run method choose one of three options: add a present to the chain & remove it from the unordered list, remove a present from the chain & write a thank you letter, or look through the chain for a specific present ID. The way I tested correctness of the program is I set the number of presents to a small number, like 10, and with print statements viewed & ensured that every present was added to the chain, and later removed to write "thank you" letters in increasing order. As far as progrss guarantee, I used Java object classes like ConcurrentLinkedQueue that are guaranteed thread-safe.

Now for problem 2, I also began my approach by making a class that extends the Thread class, to represent every Sensor that is taking readings of the temperature. In the Sensor class I also decided to write all the functions to find the max 5 temperatures, the minimum 5 temperatures, and the max range between 10-minute intervals. The way I tested correctness of the program is I changed the total nmber of readings to a small number, like 8, ran the program & printed out the functions, the 5 max, 5 min, and max range. I also had temporary print statements for every temperature read. I manually reviewed the print statements and compared against the results from the functions, to test correctness. As far as progrss guarantee, I used Java object classes like ConcurrentLinkedQueue, that are guaranteed thread-safe.

Both problems used multi threading, so both are very efficient, since the tasks are split among threads in both the Servant and Sensor problems.